Hi guys and welcome back to my channel.
My name is Michaela and today we are
doing a Q&A. Every Saturday we are doing
a Q&A on my Instagram profile. But last
Saturday I was not able to answer many
of your questions. As you might know, my
cat had to undergo emergency surgery. So
my time was fully invested in her. But I
promised you I'm going to do a long form
video and we'll answer the rest of your
questions. So here we go. The first
question we will get into is how do I
say goodbye? I would first of all get
clear why do I want to say goodbye? What
does this person do to me? Or what does
this person bring into my life or not
bring into my life that makes me want to
say goodbye? The reasons must be so
strong that you will have no even other
choice to say goodbye because you are
literally suffering. When you get clear
in your mind that you're suffering
because of this person, then it's more
easy to say goodbye. It's like touching
in the fire, it's more easy to take your
hand out of the fire because you know
it's painful. If you don't know it's
painful, if your hand would be numb to
that pain in the fire, you would
probably not take your hand out that
quickly. And then you have to be honest
about what you feel and communicate that
with that person you want to say goodbye
to. And sometimes we feel the need. We
want to be understood from that other
person. And if that person can't
understand us, we can't let go. We can't
really have that closure. But we have to
let go of the need of wanting them to
understand because that's not the
important point. Actually, you shouldn't
care if the person understands why you
want to leave. All you care about is how
you feel. And when you feel miserable,
when you feel worse with that person in
your life, there is no other way than
removing that person from your life or
that person is changing himself. And
that can happen. People can change. I do
not deny that. But they can only change
once you have let go. You cannot expect
a person to change while staying in your
life. That person will not really care
about your pain because you are still in
that person's life, right? Why would
that person change? Like I have a friend
and she's not happy in her relationship.
Things are not going really well and it
just makes her feel drained. She doesn't
get what she needs. And every time she's
explaining to this guy what she wants
from him. She's setting her boundaries,
but she's not setting closure. She's not
saying goodbye to that person. And this
guy since many, many years, he's always
saying, "I understand. I'm going to be
better. I'm going to do things
differently. I'm taking you seriously."
But at the end, nothing happens. because
she didn't give him the ultimatum,
because she didn't set a clear boundary
for him. There are no consequences for
being the way he is because she still
stays with him. So, in order to say
goodbye, you also need to have in mind
that it's not 100% a goodbye forever.
Sometimes we need to say goodbye in
order for that person to realize that
that person really wants you. And then
sometimes we start to emotionally spiral
because of course it's going to be
painful. Every goodbye is going to be
painful. And I have felt that in the
past few days, not about the person but
about my cat. What I kept telling myself
was that even if I had to say goodbye
right now, that's going to be painful. I
am allowed to feel those emotions, but
then it's meant to be that way. And if
it's not meant to be that way, I don't
have to say goodbye. So in order to not
spiral in your emotions, let yourself
feel that emotion, but also tell
yourself, hey, it is possible that this
is not a goodbye forever. This is a
protection of my peace for now. This is
a protection of even the relationship
that you're trying to let go of. This is
for you and for that other person. This
is not against you. This is not against
that other person. It's something for
both of you and you have to keep
reminding that to yourself. You have to
keep telling yourself, I do this for us
and this is the only way it can get
better. We either get back together and
everything is going to be different or I
will find a better person that will
naturally replace that person's place in
your life. Another thing that always
keeps us spiraling in that pain of
saying goodbye to someone or something
is the fantasy that we have about this
person, about a situation, about
anything. And we have to also let go of
that fantasy. Let go of that what could
have been because the reality is now and
not in the future, not in the past. And
if you focus 100% on now and not let
your mind linger in your memory lane, in
your fantasy lane, then you will also
stop that spiraling. Now the other case
scenario is when you have to say goodbye
to someone you don't want to let go. We
are human beings. We do not live
forever. Even animals, nobody is on
earth forever. So sometimes
unfortunately our beloved ones, our pets
or even things have to leave us because
their time has passed. Now this is a bit
more difficult
because you actually
cannot say goodbye. It's not coming from
your decision and you are being in a
position where you wish you would have
said more, done more, have spent more
time and you wish that this person is
still here. All I would do is to first
of all mourn, feel that emotion and keep
bringing myself back into the moment of
the now instead of going into my memory
lane and thinking about beautiful
moments we had or the beautiful moments
we didn't have and we could have had or
the words I have said or I haven't said.
The most important thing is that you let
yourself mourn of that situation that is
right now different from the situation
that was before. And then take yourself
back to the moment of the now because
someone else is not anymore in your
life. Doesn't make your life stop. And
nobody that has left this earth wanted
you to stop your life. At the end, we
are all souls in a human body. We have
this suit of flesh and skin and of a
human body. But we are souls which are
not touchable. I do believe that this
soul will stay in this universe forever.
What we see is just such a small
percentage of what actually is happening
around us. what actually is happening in
this universe, beyond this universe,
different universes. When we zoom out
and we start to see that we are actually
just such a small small part of this
life, we can also feel a bit of a relief
and feel relaxed because we know hey the
time will also come where my body will
leave this earth but I know something
will be there. So whoever is leaving us
and it doesn't need to be worst case
scenario literally passing away even if
it's someone leaving your life just
simply because this person doesn't want
you to be anymore in their life that's a
situation that's a fact we have to
accept and keep living in the moment of
the now and then keep focusing on
ourselves.
and keep creating the best life that we
have while we are on earth. The next
question is lost my boyfriend. What to
do now? When you lose someone, it's like
saying goodbye. So feel free to take the
tips from what I have explained just
right now. And most importantly, keep
focusing on yourself. I don't know how
you lost him, if he passed away or he
simply broke up with you. But in any way
you have to keep on creating the best
life for you because you are the only
person that you will have forever in
your life. The next question is how to
be more understanding to my special one.
Sometimes my self-love can turn to
selfentered. That's such a great
question. The thing is you have to
always choose yourself first unless
choosing yourself is hurting the other
person. You have to always ask yourself
is your self-love,
self-compassion or
selfrespect. Sometimes we do things out
of self-compassion which are not good
for us at the end. Right? If you're
always sleeping in, if you're never
going to the gym, if you are always
eating junk food because you feel with
yourself, you just want the best for
yourself, you are not doing that out of
selfrespect. Because if you would have
selfrespect, you would go to the gym
even though it's not the most
comfortable way to do. You would eat
more healthy even though it's a bit more
of an effort. And the same goes with
dealing with people around you,
especially the loved ones. Now, let's
say
you think that you're selfcentered, but
you're actually just protecting your
boundaries and your special person does
not respect your boundaries and feels
hurt by every boundary you set. By every
time you choose yourself, this person
feels hurt. and that makes you feel like
you're being selfish or self-centered.
That's a passive form of manipulation.
So, we need to be very clear on that
one. Now, if that's not the case, then
how you can be more understanding is to
always think about how your special
person is going to feel with the
decision you take. Always try to
evaluate how important it is to stand up
for yourself to nurture yourself love
and how much you would hurt that person
that special person by doing that. For
example,
if there is a boyfriend and a
girlfriend, these two people having a
disagreement and the boyfriend starts to
scream at her because he wants to bring
his point across. He wants to feel hurt,
etc. But she feels so hurt and scared of
that screaming that is damaging a big
part of her trusting in him. In that
case, the boyfriend was way too
self-centered because he didn't think
about how that other person is feeling
to his actions. The other way around,
let's say she wants to go for dinner
with her girls and the boyfriend had
already
planned a surprise for her and he asks
her to stay at home because he has a
surprise. Then if she still goes to that
dinner, of course he's going to feel
hurt. He will feel like the girl is not
considering him. So always ask yourself,
how will that other person feel by me
doing what I want to do? At the end, if
your favorite person is hurt, you would
also feel kind of hurt and that would be
a lose-lose situation. Now, what you can
do is shift from a me perspective into
an us perspective. Don't always think
about what's the best for you and only
you. Keep the other person in mind and
decide what's best for both of you. And
if you're not sure, communicate your
thought process because that makes the
other person feel more heard, more
understood, more valued. And you will
always find then a solution that is fine
for both of you. Self love doesn't mean
self-p protection and we confuse that
sometimes. What you can try to do is to
learn to hold space for that other
person's emotions while your emotions
are being triggered. Sometimes what I do
is that I just keep quiet and I feel
what I feel when I'm being triggered and
I give space for other people's
emotions. Just because I feel hurt
doesn't mean that the other person does
not feel hurt as well. And when both
people are feeling hurt, guess what? You
both need to have the ability to create
space for both of you. The next thing
you can do is to always ask before
assuming. Sometimes we say something and
our opposite is understanding or hearing
something completely different. So
always ask and be curious if you
understood right and what makes the
other person say those things. Not
because it's going to excuse their
behavior, but it's going to soften your
response. The next few questions were
how to become beautiful, how to get rid
of acne and
pigmentation, tips for dark spots
removal. I have tried many things to
remove but zero response. Can you help
me out? Okay. I had severe acne before
and I was always suffering from unclear
skin. What happens most of the time is
that we are trying to get rid of acne by
using so many exfoliations, so many
acids, using so many different products
which at the end is actually destroying
our healthy skin barrier. So what you
need to do first is to recover that
healthy skin barrier. And you do that by
using less products. Use maybe just one
or two products. I did that with aloe
vera gel and sunscreen. That's it. And
then wait until your skin, the
inflammations in your skin are calming
down. And then you can slowly introduce
a few more products, but one by one you
add one more product and you will test
it out for one or two weeks and then you
will see how your skin is reacting. What
you need to focus on in general for acne
prone skin, use products with natural
ingredients with less oil. And for me,
it was products that are based on aloe
vera gel that was really helping my skin
to recover and to be still glowy and to
have a great skin quality. The other
thing are beauty treatments. And here I
will also talk about dark pigmentation
removals. The beauty treatments which
really have helped is hydroacial
regularly. I do it once a month, once
every two months. Then the next thing
that helped me a lot was PRP. PRP is
helping very good but it's not a
long-term effect.
Then Profilo is amazing for skin
quality. But for dark pigmentation, for
acne scars, for fine wrinkles, you have
to do one time a CO2 laser. You can't do
that with active acne. But this was
really changing my skin. Now the glow in
my face and how clear my skin is is
mostly because of the CO2 laser which I
had done after all those other things
after I recovered my skin barrier then
introduced a new skinare routine that is
soft and gentle to my skin then did the
CO2 laser. But if your concern is only
dark
pigmentation, I swear to this CO2 laser
and also you only need to do it once and
it's already changing your whole skin
texture and in general the pigmentation
is going to be probably almost gone.
Depends how dark it is. Look for a
doctor who can do that CO2 laser well
and do a full skin resurfacing. The next
two questions where from where are you
and where are you living? I am from
Austria and I am living right now in
Dubai. And the other question that I got
a lot was how to become beautiful. And
to be honest, beautiful is so individual
like I am beautiful for some people and
for others they find me absolutely
unattractive, ugly, whatever.
So, I can't really answer that question.
But if you want me to tell you how to
truly glow from the inside, how to feel
beautiful, then I can tell you beauty
comes from how you feel about yourself
and from how you treat yourself and from
how you talk to yourself. When you feel
good in your skin, doesn't matter if
you're skinny, if you're big, if you're
small, if you're dark, if you're white,
if your hair is short, long, blonde,
brown, black, it doesn't matter because
if you are feeling good about yourself,
if you love yourself truly, you are a
beautiful person. If you have a kind
heart, you are a beautiful person. You
need to understand that beauty is a
byproduct from living a life that is
fulfilling you. And you can only live a
life that is fulfilling you when you
feel well in your skin. You can't feel
well in your skin when your life doesn't
go the way you want it to go. And you
can't have a life that goes how you want
it to go when you don't feel well in
your skin. So first of all, work on your
mindset. Work on creating the life you
want to live and do things that make you
feel beautiful. If you feel beautiful
when you do skin care treatments, do
that. If you feel beautiful when you use
a lot of makeup, do that. If you feel
beautiful when you don't use makeup, do
more of that. If you feel beautiful
wearing dresses and pink and white, do
that. If you feel beautiful when you
wear black every day, do it. Do whatever
makes you feel beautiful and you will
radiate beautifulness. You will radiate
that energy and eventually your skin
will clear up. Your hair will be fuller.
You will have suddenly your dream body
because the byproduct of being beautiful
from the inside is being visually
beautiful. You can't change the outside
and then expect your inside to change as
well. You have to first change your
inside and the byproduct is always what
shows visually in our three-dimensional
world. The next question was how to
treat a man when he gives you mixed
signals. A man that is giving you mixed
signals is giving you exactly what he
feels about you. So you should not even
focus on him at all. If he decides to
really want to pursue you, he is going
to do that. But only once you draw back,
you have to focus on yourself, focus on
your life, on how you feel best without
him. And if he decides to come to you,
to pursue you, to do what he is meant to
do when he is stepping up in his man
game, then you too will have a chance.
But don't ever try to find out what it
means by asking him many questions.
Don't ever try to chase him. Don't ever
try to give him more attention in order
to change his mind. Don't ever try to
find what he means by giving you those
mixed signals. Focus on yourself.
Withdraw the energy from this guy
completely. You don't have to block him,
but as I said, if he's really interested
in you, he will come to you. The next
question or sentence is law students
stressing out over final exam. what I
used to do when I studied law. Of
course, studying as much as I could and
preparing myself for that exam, but at
the end what counts is that you trust in
yourself. Sometimes we go to exams and
we get cases that we are not prepared
for, that we have not read through
before, that we have not seen before.
But you need to be confident. This is
actually about everything in life. When
you're confident about yourself and your
skills, even though the answer is might
not the best, you will get through it
because you are confident and your
confidence will give you answers will
literally show you the way. If you're
going there stressed, not confident, not
believing in yourself, being in fear
because you feel like maybe you cannot
make it, then your mind is already
blocked and you are limiting the
capacity of your brain to fully function
for you. Similar to manifestations, when
you want to manifest something into your
life, you need to think positive in
order to release your mind as much as
possible to not have negative thoughts
because those negative thoughts are
lingering so much in your head. So the
same is with exams. Of course, study,
prepare yourself. But then when you know
you did enough, keep telling yourself
you are going to do it. You are going to
make it because you are confident in
yourself. You know what you have
learned. You know what you have studied.
You know that you're going to make it.
And worst case scenario, ask yourself,
what if? If I'm really
not making it this final exam, what if
you're not going to die? You will be
still alive after that and you will have
another chance. And that alone will put
so much pressure away from you. When I
was in my university, there was a girl
that was way more intelligent than me.
She was so smart. She was studying so
much. She was like so good in what she
did. Every time we did our homework
together, we did our cases together, she
was answering everything like perfect.
But when it was going to the exams, she
was always failing. And me, even though
I didn't study that much, even though I
would say I'm not as smart as her, I was
always having good grades in my exams.
Why? because she was so stressed out
every time when she went to the exams
and not believing in herself. And you
can be as smart and as prepared as you
want if you're not believing in
yourself. That's what's going to be the
outcome. A situation that will reaffirm
that you cannot believe in yourself. The
next question is how to manage emotions.
For me as a crybaby, it's hard to manage
emotions leads always. The thing is
emotions are great to be felt but once
they are felt they need to leave the
body. And what most women do is that we
are either feeling the emotion and
lingering spiraling staying in that
emotion and not wanting to let go of it
or we are suppressing the emotion. We
are trying not to feel the emotion and
by that it's also lingering in us and
not being able to leave our bodies. When
you're saying you are a crybaby, that's
actually a very beautiful and vulnerable
way of being. When something hurts you,
you can just let yourself feel those
emotions, cry, but don't let them lead
you. For example, if you're angry, if
you're sad, feel it. But you don't have
to let your emotions lead your actions.
For example, when I am sad, I am not
deciding anything. I'm not going to do
anything important for my life because
emotions will always change the way you
see things, you look at things and will
also change your decisions and after
mostly we regret. The other thing you
can try is to zoom out and get some
distance from your emotions. I have such
a distance to my emotion. Not because I
don't feel it, but because I choose to
zoom out and I choose to stand above
that emotion. I can see my emotion
coming. Even when I'm crying, I feel
sad. I cry. But then after that, I know
the emotion is gone. Like emotion is
energy in motion. I am deciding then if
I keep staying in that emotion and let
it linger in my body or if I let it go.
And how you can do that is by asking
yourself why do I feel that right now?
Why do I feel sad? Why do I feel angry?
Do I do that out of a habit, out of
fear? Ask yourself what makes you feel
that way? And then another thing you can
do to not let your emotions lead you,
you can speak it out to someone or to
yourself. Say, I am feeling sad. I am
feeling hurt. This makes me feel hurt.
This makes me so angry. When you express
your emotion in words, it's already out
of your body and it has lost its control
over you in order to lead you. The next
question I got was books recommendation.
I read so many books. First of all, the
secret. Read the secret. It's very easy
to read and it changed my life when I
was very young already. And then you can
read the kibbalian. And the kibbalion is
also changing your life. But for me, it
was very difficult to read. It has so
much information in it. But the wording
is very difficult. It's about the
hermetic principles and the
understanding behind manifestations.
while the secret is just about
manifesting and more to go into action.
Another book was the audacity to be a
queen. That was amazing and pushed me to
really step into the role of the queen
in my life and not being the princess
waiting for a knight to save me. And if
you want to understand more about
trauma, I read The Body Keeps the Score.
But also, this was a book very difficult
for me to read. It's very heavy. It has
a lot of information, but it took me
months. I think I didn't even finish it
yet
because it's from real people going
through trauma. Very informative, but
also, as I said, heavy. Another question
is, I want to lean more in my feminine
side in my styling. Where do I start?
You can start by wearing dresses that
are flowy.
Like, if I'm wearing tight dresses that
I have to adjust all the time, I don't
feel so good. And when you don't feel so
good, also it takes away from your
feminine energy a bit. So, what I can
recommend is wear flowy dresses and
skirts. Emphasize one body part that you
love about yourself. I talked about this
in another video. I love a lot my
shoulders and my
decult. So, I keep emphasizing this in
all of my outfits because it makes me
feel so good and so feminine. The next
thing I would focus on is hair. Hair
makes such a big big difference. And
even if it's just a simple blow out, if
it's washing your hair regularly and
sometimes trying out new styles, putting
your hair in a bun, in braids, try out
new things. And one more thing is
jewelry. I don't know, it gives me
something that makes me feel more
feminine, feel more soft. It's not a lot
as you can see, but makes such a big
difference because when the sun is
shining on it,
it's reflecting the light. It's giving
that spark on my body. Another question,
what you would do if you're naturally
scared of everything and from the
future? If you're naturally scared, it's
most of the time because you're thinking
too much about the future or about your
past and you have to put your focus on
the now. When you're focusing on what is
happening right now, what I can do right
now, what I can change right now, what I
am right now, then I also lose kind of
the fear of the future because the
future is not relevant right now. Right
now is the only moment that I can be in
and that I can decide on what to do. I
don't know what is tomorrow. I don't
know what is after tomorrow. I have no
idea what is going to happen in one
year. And if I start to think about it
too much, it's going to make me crazy as
well. I had a period in my life where
suddenly I was afraid of hates. Every
time I would come back home, I was
living in the 40th floor. I was feeling
anxious. I was feeling scared from
what's going to happen. Worst case
scenarios or when I was being in a
hallway of a building where there were
no windows, I had the same anxious
feeling. And every time this happened, I
noticed once I told myself, it's fine.
Breathe. Focus on the now. Right now,
everything is okay. Right now, I'm
taking one step, another step. I'm
opening the door. And I literally spoke
in my head what I did in that moment.
Suddenly, it left. Once I stopped doing
that and I started again to think about
oh my god what if this what if the
elevator is stuck what if and my head
was going crazy I felt anxious instantly
then again when I said to myself I am
here I am safe I am healthy it was gone
so what I can recommend you I'm not a
therapist but from my heart what helped
me focus Fus on the now. You cannot
control the future. You cannot change
the past. You can only be in the now and
create everything best possible for you
right now. Another reason why you might
be anxious is because you're bored and
you don't have much to do in life. In
that case again if you focus on staying
in the now and creating a life full of
movements of experiences of adventure
you will automatically forget about your
anxiety. You will forget about thinking
about what happens tomorrow, in one
week, in one year, about the future
because you're so invested in your life
right now, what's happening right now
that there is no room for being anxious.
Then I got a lot of questions about skin
care rituals, skin care tips, skin care
I swear by and skin care routine, weight
management, how much I am weighing now.
So I want to say a few things about my
skin care. I just did a real on my
Instagram. I filmed every single step
that I do every day in the morning.
skincare and daily makeup and other
things I can swear by about skin care in
general is I use for my skin to be
shiny. I'm talking about the skin on my
body. Now you can see my skin feels
really moistured and shiny even though I
haven't put any product on. But what I
do is to massage my body with sweet
almond oil overnight and the next day my
skin is glowy even if I go to shower in
the morning. Another thing I swear by is
castor oil. I use castor oil once a week
in my belly button. It's detoxifying the
whole body and also makes your skin from
the inside out glowy. and castor oil on
your eyebrows and your eyelashes. It
makes them grow. It's like a growth
serum but natural. And face icing. Ice
my face every day. It's the best you can
do for your face. Get rid of
inflammations, of pimples, of acne, of
everything possible. Ice your face
daily. Now about weight management and
healthy lifestyle and how much I weigh
at the moment. I don't know how much I
am weighing right now. The last time it
was around 50 kgs and I am 166 cm. I am
loving my body right now more than I did
any time in my life. Even though some
people find it more beautiful when I was
a bit bigger when I had a few more
cages, but to be honest, I do not
really, no offense, but I do not really
care about what other people say about
my body. The most important thing is
that I like it and that I'm feeling good
in my body. I'm going to the gym maybe
twice a month. Even though I would like
to go more, but I am just focusing on so
many other things in my life right now
that I just do not find the time to go
to the gym, which also is such a relief
for me because as you might know, I was
always a gym freak. There was no day I
was not going to gym for many, many
years. And to be honest, I am so
grateful and happy that I do not have
this obsession anymore. Then about
healthy lifestyle and I was asked about
postpartum weight management. I do not
have a child so I cannot really give you
any advice. But in general about weight
management, as me being the personal
trainer and yoga teacher, I can tell
you eat less but regularly. Focus on
proteins and vegetables. Reduce your
carbs, but don't cut them out
completely. And you can go by the hand
rule. Your protein in every meal should
be like your handful. Your carb size
should be like only your hand palm full
and your vegetable can be two hands full
in every meal. You will be at your ideal
weight real quick. And what you can also
do is intermittent fasting. I do
intermittent fasting now since many
years. And my body is so used to not eat
in the daytime that I'm simply not
hungry until nighttime around 600 7. I
feel hungry for the first time in the
day. And this is not only for weight
management. This is also for having a
healthy lifestyle because during fasting
your insulin level drops and that helps
your body to excess store fat to get the
energy from. Then your body goes into
autofogy where your body cleans itself
and removes damaged cells and eventually
it will also improve your blood sugar
levels, your energy levels and your
focus. You now in order to promote a
healthy lifestyle, I can only tell you
take your supplements. Use supplements
that are clean because many supplements
on the market are not clean. They have
additives. they are not being absorbed
well by the body and then at the end our
kidneys have to work a lot and flush out
all that stuff that cannot be absorbed
by the body. So really really important
to find a good supplement brand and use
good supplements. I use tons of
supplements. I'm not going to lie and if
you follow me on Instagram you will know
that. Another thing to live healthy,
drink a lot of water and do some sports.
Go to the gym, go to walk, even if it's
once a week or twice a week. Move your
body. And I would ask for a back
workout. As I said, I'm not going to the
gym at the moment a lot, but if you want
to have a healthy back and a healthy
posture, I can recommend you to look
into yoga more than doing any workouts
to strengthen the muscles. In order to
have a healthy posture and a healthy
back, the most important thing is
stretching actually and not building
muscle strength through a gym workout.
Okay. Now, last question. Someone was
asking how to motivate me to study. I am
probably the wrong person to ask because
I did not like to study. I want to be
very honest with you, but I managed to
do it. And the way I did it was to
combine it with something I like doing.
When the sun was out, I was going
outside, studying next to the river in
the sun while getting fresh air. I was
going to the gym, going on the treadmill
and put my book there and studied.
Another thing was that I always kept in
mind why I want to study or why I need
to do that and I always wanted to be a
lawyer, a judge actually. So I knew the
mission I had and I said I want to do
that and I know there is no other way.
Another way how
I motivated myself to study was to go
last minute. I don't recommend it, but
it helped me. And then I was studying
really hard because I knew I don't have
time. Okay guys, this was a very long
video. I hope I could help you with
answering those questions. I know there
were so many more. I really tried to
cover as many as possible. And if I
didn't cover your questions, just ask me
next Saturday on my Instagram and I will
answer them. Thank you so much for
watching. Thank you for your time. I
love you so so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.